📖  More detail on difference between amp-subscriptions and amp-access (#33477)
ampproject/amphtml: extensions/amp-subscriptions/amp-subscriptions.md

and in many features builds on top of `amp-access`. However, it's a much more
specialized version of access/paywall protocol. Some of the key differences are:

1. The `amp-subscriptions` [authorization endpoint](#authorization-endpoint) is similar to the

>    [`amp-access` authorization endpoint](../amp-access/amp-access.md#authorization-endpoint) but it's response is strictly defined and standardized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   [`amp-access` authorization endpoint](../amp-access/amp-access.md#authorization-endpoint) but its response is strictly defined and standardized.
```

To accurately identify the Reader, the Publisher should associate the [AMP Reader ID][1] with any Publisher cookies relevant to the Reader.

<amp-img alt="reader id cookie association" layout="responsive" src="https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/raw/master/extensions/amp-subscriptions/images/reader-id-assoociation.png">
  <noscript>
    <img alt="reader id cookie association" layout="responsive" src="https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/raw/master/extensions/amp-subscriptions/images/reader-id-assoociation.png">
  </noscript>
</amp-img>

> **Note:** due to the way that the [AMP Reader ID][1] is created, there may be multiple [AMP Reader IDs][1] for the same the Reader so the Publisher should be able to handle that appropriately.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** due to the way that the [AMP Reader ID][1] is created, there may be multiple [AMP Reader IDs][1] for the same the user across different devices and browsers so the Publisher must take care to handle that appropriately.
```

Reviewer: Thanks for the quick review!
